Friday, February 22, 2019
6:00 PM to 8:00 PM

Add to calendar

Devhub

401 West Georgia Street · Vancouver, bc

How to find us

6th Floor

Details

The Success in Cybersecurity Panel focuses on careers in cybersecurity, including what the skillset looks like for entry-level security professionals and how you upskill yourself after breaking into the field. We also will be touching on the kinds of jobs that are available, and what the jargon and expectations actually mean for someone wanting to be part of an increasingly important field of technology.

Come and hear from pros in the realm of security, have some pizza and get all of your questions about working in cybersecurity answered!

Can't make it to the event? No worries, it'll be streamed online! Stay tuned for the link.

About the Panelists:

Dominic Vogel:
Dominic is the Chief Security Strategist at Cyber.sc. Dominic has an established track record as a cyber security leader. He has a wide-range of experience overseeing numerous projects including security strategy development, policy development, endpoint security, and threat management in a multitude of industries (financial services, logistics, transportation, government, telecommunications, and critical infrastructure).

Jeevan Singh:
Jeevan Singh is a Senior Security Engineer for an HR software company, where he is embedding security into all aspects of the software development process. Jeevan enjoys building security culture within organizations and educating staff on security best practices. Jeevan is responsible for a wide variety of tasks including architecting security solutions, working with development teams to resolve security vulnerabilities and building out security features. Before life in the security space, Jeevan had a wide variety of development and leadership roles over the past 15 years.

Heidi Martin:
Heidi Martin is the Director of Information Security at Clio. She leads a team of software developers and engineers who work to keep ahead of the risks to Clio and match the pace of a fast growing, industry leading legal tech company. Heidi spent many years in the San Francisco area guiding such companies as Sephora, Airbnb, and LinkedIn in developing and maturing their security programs. Prior to that, Heidi worked at Apple and built critical security services for platforms including the iPhone and iPad, the App Store, and the Apple Push Notification Service

Guru Shiva:
Guru Shiva has worked in the Facial Biometrics and RTLS industry as a Systems Analyst for 3+ years and later as a Technical Operations Manager. Guru now works as a Security Consultant where he helps solve everyday CyberSecurity problems alongside with his brilliant team. You can also find him in the local CyberSecurity community discussing latest Information, security trends, and threats amongst his peers.

About the Moderator:
Don is a passionate advocate for the combination of technology and education. He has a 20-year career as a web developer and technologist, including companies such as Microsoft and MetroLyrics.com. When he's not writing books or speaking at conferences, you can find him playing in local orchestras, putting his music degree to some good use.
